chore: use solo node instead of local node (#5060) (#5234)
hiero-ledger/hiero-json-rpc-relay: tools/waffle-example/README.md

```

 - `OPERATOR_PRIVATE_KEY` is your account ECDSA hex-encoded private key.

>  - `RELAY_ENDPOINT` is a path to your JSON RPC Api. `https://testnet.hashio.io/api` for testnet. Remember to start your local node if you want to use the http://localhost:7546 endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `RELAY_ENDPOINT` is a path to your JSON RPC Api. `https://testnet.hashio.io/api` for testnet. Remember to start your Solo instance if you want to use the http://localhost:7546 endpoint.
```
